# **0x02 functions nested loops**

The learning objectives for this project were:

## **General**
	• What are nested loops and how to use them
	• What is a function and how do you use functions
	• What is the difference between a declaration and a definition of a function
	• What is a prototype
	• Scope of variables
	• What are the gcc flags -Wall -Werror -pedantic -Wextra -std=gnu89
	• What are header files and how to to use them with #include

### For this project we had to write the following C programs:
	• 0-putchar.c - prints _putchar, followed by a new line. 
		- The program should return 0
	• 1-alphabet.c - prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
		- Prototype: void print_alphabet(void);
		- You can only use _putchar twice in your code
	• 2-print_alphabet_x10.c - prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
		- Prototype: void print_alphabet_x10(void);
		- You can only use _putchar twice in your code
	• 3-islower.c - checks for lowercase character.
		- Prototype: int _islower(int c);
		- Returns 1 if c is lowercase
		- Returns 0 otherwise
	• 4-isalpha.c - checks for alphabetic character.
		- Prototype: int _isalpha(int c);
		- Returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase
		- Returns 0 otherwise
	• 5-sign.c - prints the sign of a number.
		- Prototype: int print_sign(int n);
		- Returns 1 and prints + if n is greater than zero
		- Returns 0 and prints 0 if n is zero
		- Returns -1 and prints - if n is less than zero
	• 6-abs.c - computes the absolute value of an integer. 
		- Prototype: int _abs(int);
	• 7-print_last_digit.c - prints the last digit of a number.
		- Prototype: int print_last_digit(int);
		- Returns the value of the last digit
	• 8-24_hours.c - prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
		- Prototype: void jack_bauer(void);
	• 9-times_table.c - prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
		- Prototype: void times_table(void);
	• 10-add.c - adds two integers and returns the result.
		- Prototype: int add(int, int);
	• 11-print_to_98.c - prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
		- Prototype: void print_to_98(int n);
		- Numbers must be separated by a comma, followed by a space
		- Numbers should be printed in order
		- The first printed number should be the number passed to your function
		- The last printed number should be 98
		- You are allowed to use the standard library
	• 100-times_table.c - prints the n times table, starting with 0.
		- Prototype: void print_times_table(int n);
		- If n is greater than 15 or less than 0 the function should not print anything
	• 101-natural.c - If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
	You are allowed to use the standard library
	• 102-fibonacci.c - prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
		- The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space (,) 
		- You are allowed to use the standard library
	• 103-fibonacci.c - Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
	You are allowed to use the standard library
	• 104-fibonacci.c - first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
		- The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space (,)
		- You are allowed to use the standard library
		- You are not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…)
		- You are not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or structures
		- You are not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2)
